Luka loves the beach!
There is a lot about the beach to love. The warm sand on his feet and the cool breeze from the ocean in his hair. Getting to run around as much as he wanted, getting to swim! Most importantly though, and Luka’s favorite part to love about the beach, is that his family would be there to play together for a few hours. And Luka loves spending time with his family.
Daddy carries the big umbrella and the picnic basket, Alois carries the towels, and Luka gets the honor of carrying the colorful beach bag filled with toys and sunscreen.
Daddy wears board shorts and sunglasses, Luka wears swim trunks, but Alois is all different.
Daddy had bought him a sheer lace top that draped over his body, down to his thighs. Underneath, he wears small, tight swim bottoms that Luka swears are made for girls. They are even a blushing pink color, and are held together by two big gold rings on either side of his brother’s hips. His butt peeks out the bottom of it like Luka has seen on some convenient store magazine covers. It’s hard to see, though, through the white coverup. On top of his head he wears a big brimmed sun hat.
They walk for a while down the beach from the parking lot, daddy and Alois hand in hand, until there are no other beach goers around. Luka feels a rush of excitement now that they seem to have the whole place for themselves.
“Let’s make castles!” Luka dances around while daddy sets up the umbrella and Alois lays out the beach towels.
“Sunscreen first, then we can build,” Alois says, pulling Luka by the wrist gently to the beach bag and pulling out lotion.
Luka waits impatiently as his brother smears globs of lotion onto his wiggling face and body. When he’s released, he dives into the beach bag to pull out his sand molds and a small pail and rushes to the water’s edge to collect wet sand. Once he fills his bucket, he waddles back to a spot closer the their towel territory.
He plops down and sets out his things before looking up. Daddy has laid across one of the towels under the umbrella on his side and is watching as Alois drops the lace coverup from his frame with a flourish.
“Come play, Alois!” Luka calls, waving a plastic trowel.
Alois looks back at Luka a little remorsefully, holding up the sunscreen bottle. “I need sunscreen first, okay? You can get started, I’ll be there soon.”
Luka nods. “Okay!” he calls, flipping over his bucket and releasing a big clump of wet sand. He starts using his sand molds, creating little impressions of starfish and shells.
When he looks up from his sand creations to his family, he sees that Alois is laying down with daddy while he gets his sunscreen. Daddy’s hand rubs against his brother’s chest in slow circles, and Alois’s eyes are closed like he’s taking a nap.
Luka realizes he’s not sleeping, though, when daddy leans down to kiss his mouth and Alois reciprocates eagerly, leaning up on his hands to get closer. Daddy’s hand continues rubbing at his brother’s chest, squeezing at the side of it and rubbing his thumb over his nipple. That makes Alois whimper, something Luka barely hears over the sound of the waves rolling onto the sand. Then daddy’s mouth is on Alois’s neck, kissing and pressing hard. Alois moans softly, eyes fluttering as daddy grabs at him and bites on his neck.
Maybe they aren’t bites, because Alois’s face doesn’t look like he’s being bitten. Then again, Luka isn’t sure what Alois is having done to him, if he’s honest. Daddy’s mouth moves over and over against his brother’s neck, and it makes Alois shiver and grab onto daddy’s bare chest and back with his own hands. Luka looks down and makes another starfish.
It takes forever for daddy to put sunscreen on Alois. When his brother is finally walking over, skin shining from the lotion and lips red from kisses, Luka has made a small court for his sand starfish kingdom.
“Wow, that’s great!” Alois chirps, squatting down to take a closer look and stroking a starfish gently with his fingertip.
Luka grins, proud of his creations.
After introducing all of his sand creatures to his brother, he asks to be buried to his neck in the sand, giggling at the mermaid tail Alois creates in the sand where his legs would be.
At lunchtime, they sit on the towels and listen to the waves lap back and forth against the shore. They finish their sandwiches and Luka pops open a bag of chips to munch idly on. Alois slides into daddy’s lap, coating his hands with sunscreen and rubbing them on daddy’s chest.
“Can we go swimming?” Luka asks daddy, wiping the greasy crumbs off his fingers with the corner of the towel.
“Not right after eating,” daddy says, his arms locking behind Alois’s lower back as the child spreads the lotion over his shoulders.
Luka hums a little disappointedly. “How come?”
Daddy squeezes Alois against his chest when the boy reaches over his shoulders to rub his back. “You’ll cramp up,” he replies simply, his own hands sliding down Alois’s slick lower back and his fingertips tickling under the bikini’s waistband. His brother giggles softly against daddy’s ear.
Luka frowns. He doesn’t know what a ‘cramp’ is, but it doesn’t sound good. He briefly imagines his body twisting up in odd ways and being unable to swim back to shore, but quickly shakes the thought out of his head before he can dwell on it.
When he looks back over at his little family, he sees that daddy has draped a beach towel over Alois’s lower back and butt like a blanket. His hand was still underneath, a moving lump beneath the fabric.
“Is Alois taking a nap?” Luka asks daddy, noticing his brother’s face is turned away from him, cheek resting on daddy’s chest and his dainty hands half curled and resting on daddy’s shoulders.

“Yes,” daddy replies, his fond gaze locked on the child in his lap. “You should take a nap too.”

Luka doesn’t mind that idea at all— being at the beach was very relaxing, and it would make time go faster until they can go in the water. Luka curls up on the beach towel next to daddy and Alois and closes his eyes.

They lay there peacefully, lazily enjoying the sounds of the ocean and the breeze.

Luka had tried to fall asleep, really, but he couldn’t. Not when his brother was making soft, choked off whines in his throat every few seconds next to him. Luka dares a peak lower, noticing that daddy’s hand was still moving under the towel.

Luka knows that daddy loves Alois’s butt. He wasn’t sure why, exactly, though it does look soft and squishy and maybe it is fun to jiggle around, like a rubber toy. Luka would see daddy staring at it even when Alois was just standing or walking in front of him. He figured it was one of daddy’s favorite things about Alois.

After twenty or so minutes, Luka stirs, sitting up and stretching his back. It had felt very nice to lay on the beach, but the heat was getting to him, and the cool ocean waters looked very tantalizing.

Luka looks over and can tell Alois is hot too, sweat dripping off his oily skin.

“Can we swim now, Daddy?” Luka asks hopefully, his pleading eyes watching daddy closely.

“Yes, we can,” daddy murmurs. He pulls his hand out from under the beach towel, wipes a few of his fingers on it, and slides it completely off Alois. With a hooked finger, he pulls part of the pink fabric that has clung to the inside of Alois’s butt cheek up until it can softly smack down in place over the glistening swell.

Alois sits up weakly, a string of drool connecting his bottom lip and a spot on daddy’s chest. He must have been sleeping really deeply. He gets to his feet with a slight wobble.

Soon all three of them are making their way to the shore, Luka practically bounding. He jumps into a low wave, letting it splash up and sprinkle his face with saltwater. The water is cool and refreshing against his hot skin, just as he thought. He wades deeper, up until the water reaches his thighs before crouching down and feeling it envelope him to his shoulders. Before long, he’s dunking his head and diving under the waves.

When he surfaces, he blinks the salt water from his eyes and spots Alois and daddy wading in after him. Alois is not a big fan of the water, so when the ocean rises above his knees, he’s clinging hard onto daddy. Daddy picks him up then, hugging him to his chest as he walks farther and even past Luka, until the water is around his middle.

Luka swims a little closer, but his feet can’t reach the bottom like daddy’s can, so he watches from shallower waters. Daddy is talking to Alois, telling him something that makes him laugh. He presses affectionate kisses over his brother’s face, smiling too.

Luka didn’t see daddy smile very often- it was only when he was in a very playful mood. He often has a very passive or serious face, so seeing him so carefree and happy was truly special.

The rare smile was gone a second later as he scanned across the beach, turning and looking both directions down the sands. Luka matches his gaze, trying to find what he was looking for, but there was nothing. No one else on the beach but them.

When Luka turns back, he sees that Alois and daddy are kissing messily. Their tongues entwine and daddy’s mouth sucks on his brother’s smaller lips hungrily.

Alois’s arms hang around daddy’s neck, his eyes hooded and mouth open, letting their daddy’s tongue plunge inside and rut against his smaller one. His eyes shut as daddy overtakes his lips again.

Luka feels uncomfortable from the display and decides to busy himself with throwing his little body at the waves, enjoying the way they pushed and pulled him across the sand. Under the water, his feet step on hard shells that he picks up and investigates, keeping a handful of shiny ones. He finds a particularly big one to show to Alois.

He turns, spotting Alois with daddy in the same spot as before. That kind of swimming is no fun, Luka thought. He wades closer until his feet can’t reach the bottom and notices that daddy and Alois aren’t just standing like he thought, they’re bouncing!

Well, Alois is, more so. But daddy is bouncing him up and down in the water, gazing up every so often to look across the empty beach. Though daddy’s eyes are covered by dark sunglasses, Luka can tell when his eyes lock on him, but they pass over him to look further down the opposite end of the beach.

Seemingly satisfied, daddy returns his attention to Alois and continues bouncing him up and down, the water around them splashing and making small waves. His hands slide from where they were on Alois’s back down under the water toward his butt, and Luka can see Alois’s toes poke out of the water on either side of daddy’s body as his bouncing gets harder.

Soon Alois’s toes are pointed tensely, and daddy is pressing against him hard, an aggressive look to his face as he buries his nose in the blond’s hair. Alois slowly relaxes his legs, curling them to wrap around daddy’s hips underwater as they embrace.

Luka sinks his head under the water when they start kissing again, deciding to show Alois his shells when he’s finished playing with daddy. They never appreciate when he interrupts their playtime.

After a minute of slithering around the shallow water, Luka notices that daddy and Alois are returning to the shore. Luka follows them as Daddy gingerly sets Alois down on the dry sand. The blond sinks to the ground, laying on the sand and stretching out his muscles languidly with a dreamy, tired smile he always seems to have after his playtime with daddy. Luka waits until daddy has made it back to their towel to smoke a cigarette before showing Alois his bounty.

“Look at what I found!” Luka exclaims, flaunting his collection of iridescent shells at his brother who opens his eyes to properly examine them.

“Wow, they are beautiful! Maybe we can make necklaces out of them at home,” he suggests, taking one from Luka’s hands to inspect the shape.

“Don’t they belong at the beach?” Luka wonders aloud, rubbing his thumb against the smooth surface of one of the shells. He doesn’t want to take something if he’s not supposed to.

“There are millions of shells, Luka. We can take a few of them. No one will know but us.” Alois winks conspiratorially, flashing a big grin. Luka returns the smile, delighted at their new possessions and soon to be accessories.

“Do you think daddy will want a necklace too?” Luka asks when they finally stand, trying to brush the sand off their damp skin.

“He’ll get one whether he wants it or not,” Alois replies, still smiling mischievously. He takes Luka’s unoccupied hand as they make their way back to their towels, swinging it back and forth playfully. Alois’s good mood is contagious and Luka, despite feeling previously left out, feels giddy once again.

Even daddy is in a good mood too, smiling softly when Alois leans down to nuzzle his nose against his affectionately in greeting. Luka thinks his brother must radiate happiness wherever he goes.

“Can we get ice cream?” Luka asks, seizing the opportunity of daddy’s good mood in hopes of a cold treat after their eventful day outside.

Daddy hums in consideration while trying to brush off the sand still clinging to Alois’s bottom. He doesn’t seem to have much luck, the grains still sticking to the wet skin despite his wiping motions. His hand settles for simply resting on one of the boy’s cheeks possessively. “What do we say?” Daddy looks to him expectedly.

“Please?” Luka begs, eyes wide when Daddy’s attention is diverted from his brother to him for once.

“Alright,” he concedes, his other large hand gently tousling Luka’s damp hair.

Luka yips in delight, jumping up to run around their towels with his arms out in a surge of excitement. He doesn’t notice his brother and daddy hastily separating themselves when a couple comes walking down the beach near them, too caught up in the thrill of their successful beach day and more fun to come afterwards.

Luka loves the beach, but most of all, Luka loves spending time with his family!

"This city sucks ass."



I yawned as I walked along the newly-paved sidewalks of this pretentious-ass city, broiling in my jacket underneath the blaring summer sun, looking for anything to do. Despite the hustle and bustle, this tourist trap has nothing interesting to see--only the same old tourist attractions and small business startups that won't go anywhere. It's peak time for them to open up, too: the GTWC happens in two months. I barely know anything about it, never bothered going and only caught glimpses of it on storefront television sets. It seems like any other sport, but people are attracted by its sheer raunchiness and explicit nature 'cause you never see it publicized. It's wrestling, but it's gimmicky, and it's chock full of weird rules and shit.



My girlfriend's out of town. I'd be having the time of my life otherwise, but for these three days that she's gone I'm stuck here with nothing to really do, so I'm walking around town to pass the time. I live alone with my partner and don't really have other friends. Even my high-and-mighty sister lives elsewhere, that's how bad this place sucks. I still have absolutely no idea what I'm gonna do until then so--



"Hey lass!" A voice shouts from a few feet behind me. It's old yet energetic. I turned around to see a very scrawny and relatively short old man, his hair pointed and messy. His big, beady eyes are looking at me with a sort of child-like vigor and intrigue. "What are you muttering about?"



"Huh?" I ask. I suppose I was thinking out loud. "Oh, I'm complaining to myself. None of your business, gramps."



He let out a hearty laugh. "Ah, that's what Joey used to call my grandfather...I never thought I'd be in his shoes. Can I interest you in some coffee, some tea?"



"What? Ew, no, get lost old man," I spit back, before I look up and realize he is standing outside his own coffee shop in an apron, and not just another weird old dude trying to hit on me. "On second thought, I'll take you up on that offer."



The interior of the coffee shop could only be described as 'quaint,' structured almost as if this wasn't even supposed to be a coffee shop. It didn't have any customers inside, despite being downtown, but maybe it's just not busy in the afternoon. "What can I get for you?" The old man asked.



"Black coffee. And bring me some cinnamon." I answer, to which he lets out a little chuckle and mutters, "you kids these days, always looking to be contrarian." After a few minutes he brings back a mug of black coffee with a shaker of cinnamon that seems to be almost entirely unused. I pay him and start drinking. I hate coffee, and I particularly hate black coffee, but I'm so bored that I crave the bitterness just to feel something.



I set down the mug. "Thanks for giving me something to do, old man." I mumble.



"No problem, lass, and my name's Yami." He responds. Damn good hearing for an old curmudgeon.



"Do you ever get customers? This place seems pretty empty." I ask, "I mean, no offense or anything, it just seems weird for a place downtown to be this empty."



"It's because we're closed," He responds without skipping a beat, "I live upstairs and I was tending to my shop this afternoon and overheard you. If you're bored, I've got something that might interest you."



"I'm listening," I say with intrigue as I slide off the stool to stand up. He motions towards a door behind the counter and beckons for me to follow. Through the door I can see a faint red light, but I don't fear anything. Upon opening the door, he leads me downstairs where I see a room that contains absolutely nothing but a glowing red sigil on the ground.



"I've been looking for someone to see what this thing is," Yami croaks, "It appeared in this spare room one day and it hasn't done anything yet, but I fear what happens if it summons something."



"Huh? And you thought that I'd be the answer to your problem?" I groan, "It's not like I have any sort of idea how to deal with this."



Yami shrugged. "Shot in the dark, I suppose. You look like the kinda lass who might know, but it looks like it's glowing brighter." The sigil was in fact growing brighter, far brighter, as it flared up and started to summon something. The flaring grew to a bright yellow flame as an entity began to appear in the center--from the feet up, slowly, a man emerged where there was none, a man dressed in red robes and a skeletal pauldron, eyes mismatched and feet aflame on the cold concrete.



"....huh?" He mutters. "This isn't Greece."



"No shit it's not Greece," I snap, "better question, who in the fresh hell are you?" To which he lets out a chuckle.



"Sorry, my circumstances make that response amusing. Allow me to introduce myself--I'm Zagreus, son of Hades and heir to the throne, and up until now I believed that I was escaping the depths of hell to what I presumed to be Greece to reunite with my relatives on Olympus...but I suppose those plans have changed. May I ask where I am?" He says as if he has a miniature monologue prepared for situations like this. Despite claiming to be a Greek deity, he sounded British.



"Young man, you're in the city of Lemon," Yami answered from the shadows. I hadn't even noticed that he was cowering behind me moments before. "This place is a tourist attraction for its oil wrestling circuit tournaments."



"Sir, with all due respect...er...what is a tourist attraction...?" He asked. Yami let out a slightly frustrated sigh and put his face into his wrinkly palm. "Is this not Greece?"



"No, it's not Greece," Yami groaned, starting to already grow a bit impatient, "and tourist attractions are cities that run based around an event or place that outsiders will come to."



"Seriously, how do you not know any of that?" I asked Zagreus.



"I can't say I'm clairvoyant and know exactly what happens in every corner of the world, lass, but I'd appreciate if you could help me out here. I...can't believe I'm saying this, but I'd like to return to Hell." He responds. I could tell he was sincere but I had no idea how to help this man.



"I...you know, tell you what," Yami turned to me, "what are we supposed to do about this?"



I shrugged. "You're the one who roped me into this, old man."



He let out a hearty sigh and turned to the man. "Alright, we have no idea how to get you back. For the time being, there's a spare room down here that won't...burn down because of your feet."



"You mean that furniture up here isn't fireproof?" Zagreus asks with a disappointed tone. "Well it's not like I sleep anyway."



"Alright young man, you'll be staying here with me," Yami responded, exasperated, as if this was such a big deal. "Lass, you're good to go. I'll handle this from here but don't hesitate to drop by every now and then if you'd like some coffee."



"Alright. I'll keep it in mind." I don't know why I said that. I don't like coffee. I barely know this man. I would be lying if I said I wasn't curious about the man who just appeared from thin air. That being said, I returned home; it was starting to get dark out and this excursion had exhausted me. I entered the apartment and went straight to my bed to lie down and figure out how to piece all this together. Fifteen minutes later my phone started to vibrate--my girlfriend was calling.



"Hey Mako," I answered.



"Ryuko!!!" She yelled straight into the speaker as usual, "How have you been doing while I'm gone?"



"I'm alright. I just ran into a very strange scenario today but...I'm not sure I want to talk about it right now." I responded with a vague disposition of sorrow.

"Are you okay? Did someone hurt you? I'll come back home right this instant if you've been hurt!" There she goes again, always manic and always looking out for me. I love her so much.

"No, no, I'm fine," I answered hurriedly, "I just saw something out of this world today is all. I'll tell you more about it when you're home."

"Alright! I'll be home about three days from now. These business trips take so much out of me and I miss you so much."

"I miss you too, Mako. I'll be sure to keep you posted, alright?"

"Mmhmm. Love you!"

"Love you."

I was gonna go see the man from Hell tomorrow if it killed me. Sitting around doing nothing bores me nearly to death.

They didn't mean for it to go on for so long, it wasn't even meant to occur in the first place, but they were too far gone to turn back. Who would have thought that a night of unadulterated lust and passion could lead them to this point? Certainly not them, that much was certain.



And, yet, they were still sent spiralling headfirst into an affair that never should have happened-and that nobody could ever know about lest they face ridicule, targeting and loss of employment (for the young maid, at least).



Truly, it was an impossible situation the likes of which not even the most ancient beings that roamed the earth could have predicted or experienced in its full, sinful glory. No, this godless union was unique in a most tempting way and had ensnared the two in a web of passion, secrecy and the saccharine promise of eternity that rivalled the demon's own web of deception and chaos in its inescapability and inevitability.



However, in spite of the almost magnetic attraction between them, they were forced to hide their feelings and desires as a result of their 'employers' personal grievances. Star crossed, in a sense; they were unable to meet as a normal couple (or even feign any sense of normalcy) due to the budding rivalry between the two unstable aristocrats under whom they worked-a rivalry that grew more volatile and bloodthirsty with each passing day as the young pair continued to butt-heads on every issue regardless of how minute or insignificant it may be in reality. Thus they were forced to sneak around their superiors as to spend even a moment with one another, as even fleeting glances or momentary smiles could draw the attention of the woman's equally inhuman supervisor-an entity that shared the innately prideful nature of her lover with a rivalry that matched their contracted humans that was thinly veiled by curt smiles and calmly spoken threats.



It was damn near impossible for them to meet under these circumstances, yet they always seemed to find a way to slip out of sight without their company realising and had always returned before suspicion about their whereabouts began to arise. Luck, or perhaps demonic influence, was on their side, as it seemed. But even this left them on borrowed time and they intended to make the most of every second they were blessed (a phrase that never failed to earn the (brunette, blonde etc) a sarcastic roll of the eyes from her less than God-fearing lover) to spend together.



This was one such instance.



~•~



As was the case at most every meeting between the Earls of the Trancy and Phantomhive households, the facade of civility and calmness had long since been abandoned and the conversation had devolved into a shouting match fraught with threats and insults. She could practically see the steam of fury radiating from earl Trancy's reddened features as her own employee fumed in a more controlled manner just in front of her-and, although she couldn't see his face, the way he held his hands in gusta on the table and the stuff structure of his form were enough to demonstrate his (for the most part internalised) anger towards his counterpart. The woman dare not look up and meet her lover's eyes whilst there for she could feel her crow of a coworker's eyes flitting between the earl and herself, so she instead found herself passively observing the chaos, her hands folded atop one another neatly behind her back as her eyes remained fixed on the form of her employer. Yet, still, she could feel his eyes upon her, the sensation familiar and comforting as they waited for an opportune moment to arise for them to leave unnoticed-until then only able to watch the unfolding pandemonium as the two stubborn youths fought between them.



Luckily, they needn't wait long, for the childish disagreement had quickly culminated in the pair exiting the room to prove their worth through a fencing duel-a battle that wouldn't undoubtedly leave them with more cuts and bruises than they'd care to admit. Her superior, as loyal (and amused by the teenagers' argument) as ever, fell into stride behind them, allowing himself a brief few moments to give her a set of instructions before rushing out of the door.



"I trust that you can defend yourself, (Y/n), but don't hesitate to call after me should any of the Trancy servants try anything."



Obediently, she nodded, flattening the creases in her skirt as her lover turned to the maid beside him and, in his usual droning monotone, instructed her to protect the young blonde, his golden eyes flickering to hers for a moment as he spoke.



"Do make sure his highness doesn't get himself killed, Hannah. I'll follow after you shortly, but for now I'll ensure the Phantomhive servant," he swiftly featured to her, "doesn't try anything."



The young woman stared blankly for a few seconds before nodding and following after the boys, leaving the two on their own in the hallway-a situation they were eager to take full advantage of, hardly wasting a moment as they rushed off to Claude's private (and otherwise unused) quarters.



~•~



It took them practically no time at all to traverse the all too familiar hallways to reach his bedroom, and the second the door had clicked shut behind them, he had all but pounced upon her. Her back slammed harshly against the oak door and she could almost feel it splintering at the force as she gasped, only to be cut off as he crashed his lips against hers-almost as though he were a starved, greedy man faced with a banquet of the most tempting fruit, a saccharine sweetness he couldn't help himself but to devour.



Their lips moved harshly against one another, parting only for the briefest of moments to gulp down sweet air before reconnecting barely a second later as they tilted their heads, practically melting into one another-two beings becoming one: one heart, one soul, one lust. She loosely looped her arms about his neck, tugging and twisting at the sparse locks at the back of his head and the nape of his neck, encouraging him closer as she strained her body against his. Meanwhile, his eager hands found their way beneath the cheap lace of her underskirt, caressing the supple skin of her (size) thighs and moving ever higher, just barely brushing against the thin, frilled fabric of her combinations before urging her towards him and busying himself with teasing and groping the curve of her ass.



The sensation caused her to moan against his lips as she ground her hips against him, delighting in the feeling of his erect cock pressing against her. At that, his hands moved from groping and pinching her rear to slide along her thighs, sliding over her combinations to harshly rub at her sopping slit through the cotton layer of her undergarments. Quickly, this teasing movement grew too much for her to cope with as she began to squirm and writhe in his grip, moving her hands to grip at his shoulders, pulling him ever closer as she began to work her hips against his hand. Though, still, this wasn't enough to quench her growing need for him, so she gently pushed him away and murmured a single phrase against his lips, her tone whiny and wanton as she spoke between gasps.



"Need more."



And he, being a creature of greed and lust, was far from in the mindset to turn down such a request from his lover. So, he removed himself from her before wrapping his gloved hand around her (size) wrist and pulling her towards the bed, positioning her in front of him before helping the (brunette, blonde etc) undress herself.



~•~



Her hands teasingly traced her sides as she moved to unbutton her blouse before slowly pulling it from her form and discarding it to the floor beside her. Then, she turned on her heel and allowed him to unbutton and untie her dress, feeling the fabric lose its form and grow looser before she pushed it down her arms and allowed it to pool around her feet as she stepped over it, left only in her corset and thin, slightly soiled chemise. His eyes seemed to trail over her form, causing her cheeks to flush ever so slightly before she returned to undressing-not wanting to waste anymore of their fleeting time together.



The corset untied easily, the thin, frayed ribbon giving easily under the pressure of her hands before the fitted garment fell and joined the gathering pile at her feet. She reached to rid herself of her cotton under-layer next, only to have her demonic lover stop her, taking her wrists in one hand before easily and promptly undoing the buttons across the back of the undergarment and hastily (yet carefully as to not ruin the fabric) removing it from her, leaving her (figure) silhouette bare to his prying gaze. Next, he pushed her onto the bed and, not before riding himself of his own clothing (a sight she very much revelled in as each tantalising inch of his pale, toned body was revealed to her lustful gaze), descended upon her, ready to begin the main event of their meeting.



~•~



It was carnal yet perfect for the lovers as they fell into the familiar rhythm of lust and need: Claude's lips connected with her jawline, leaving a fiery trail of bites and kisses as he lined her throat, collarbone and chest with fresh marks in places that nobody would easily see; his dexterous digits momentarily traced her soaked slit and pressed down harshly on her swollen clit before diving into her dripping cunt-occasionally crooking his fingers as to make her moan or gasp; her nails dug into his shoulders as she bucked against him, arching her back as she moaned out praises and pleas. After a few minutes of delighting in her writhing and the lead sounds that passed her barely swollen lips, he repositioned himself, pulling away from his assault on her breasts and removed his fingers from her womanhood, bringing them up to his lips to lick them clean, a sight that coaxed a primal groan from the back of her throat as she sat up on her elbows.



Seemingly spurred on by her overwhelming need for him, she then placed one hand on the nape of his neck as the other traced his abdomen before tugging him forwards and roughly connecting their lips, tilting her head to deepen it. His hands soon found purchase on her hips, pulling her closer to him as she straddled his bare lap and began to rub herself against his erect shaft as he practically growled-the sound muffled by her lips.



Though, this was far from enough to get them off and, before long, he was gently pushing her back against the bed, already having her legs wrapped around his waist as he positioned his cock at her womanhood, rubbing it along the sodden slit to lubricate himself before quickly plunging his throbbing cock into her aching cunt. The intrusion made her cry out, breaking the kiss as she threw her head back into the pillows behind her before taking a moment to adjust her position, clutching at his shoulders and connecting her lips to his throat. After just under a minute of careful adjusting, she rolled her hips against his, the action coaxing a muffled moan from each of them, and he started to move, slowly pulling out of her until just the throbbing head was encased in her wet walls before harshly snapping his hips forwards and fully sheathing himself within her once again.



The (h/c) haired woman cried out, digging her nails into his back as she bit down on the flesh of his collarbone, bucking up against him as he started up a fast, harsh and eager pace. One of his hands clutched her waist, hitching her hips up to allow himself to thrust his member deeper into her, coaxing louder and shakier moans and groans from the young woman beneath him.



This continued for several minutes, this rough, desperate pounding and grinding against one another and she could feel a familiar pressure building in her lower abdomen-a pressure that continued to build and tighten with each passing moment as she gradually approached her peak. However, she was met with only frustration as the butler slowed his pace to a near stop, smirking down at her with a teasing glint in his lust darkened honey-hued eyes. All she could do, in turn, was pout and whimper, desperately bucking her hips against him, chasing any friction to reach the peak she had been denied, pulling away to glare at him with lustful yet wanton (e/c) eyes.



Luckily for her, though, he wouldn't deny her for long and, after repositioning himself slightly, continued to thrust his erection into her neglected, dripping core. The harsh, sudden movement had her cry out as she arched her back, an action that unintentionally caused her sensitive, hardened nipples to collide with his chest-however this was quickly silenced as Claude crashed his lips against hers, effectively silencing her as she loosely wrapped her arms around his neck.



Every moment drove her closer to her release as his hand strayed from her hip to the space between her, quickly spreading her pre-cum coated lower lips before moving to rub and tease her swollen clit with the rough pad of his thumb. The combination of these sensations sent her mind reeling as the growing knot in her abdomen continued to tighten frustratingly within her.





~•~

Though, in the heat of the moment, they failed to notice the quiet chatter behind the door before it creaked open, revealing the Trancy earl and his other servants in the hallway-some wide-eyed, others red in the face and some still bearing smug grins and smirks. The earl, his cheeks flushed and his voice shaking, opened his mouth to speak a few times, only able to gawk and gasp before the demonic maid placed a hand over his eyes and hastily closed the door, hurrying the youth back outside, the triplets following in quick succession, murmuring quietly to one another as they went, variations of the following passing their grinning, pale lips before Hannah silenced them.



"Told you so."



"What do we tell the Phantomhives?"



"Knew we should have gone there first."

~•~





With this interruption unheard, they continued to grind and buck against one another until, finally, she felt the knot within her finally snap as she was sent over the edge of her orgasm: her eyes fluttered closed and flashes of white light burned bright against her eyelids; she clung tightly to him with her hands and legs, needing him closer and lost in the feeling of him around her and inside of her; she felt as though she was floating as her mind and senses grew fogged by lust, soon she was only able to comprehend her lover's presence as the world around them seemed to fade away to nothing. The sight of her coming undone, along with the feeling of the walls of her cunt tightening around his shaft sent him over the edge soon after her: his grip on her body grew bruising as his movements grew shaky and jerky; he pulled away from the kiss to admire her writhing form beyond his climax blurred vision; his cock throbbed and the veins bulged as he slowly pulled out, his thick seed practically seeping from the head and into her core, filling her as he pulled out and moved away from her heaving form.



He took a moment to admire her quaking figure, brushing stray strands of her (h/c) hair from her sweat covered forehead before rushing off to retrieve a damp towel from an adjacent bathroom (not before quickly redressing himself) as to clean up his mortal lover. Meanwhile, (Y/n) carefully sat up, supporting herself on unstable limbs, gasping for her as she placed a palm over her (size) breast, feeling her heart pounding against her ribs-still having not recovered from the act. Though she didn't have much time to dwell on this before the dark haired man returned and began to gently clean her, admiring the forming bruises that littered her chest and thighs, a form of pride swelling in his chest as she smiled lopsidedly (up/down/across) at him.



Though, this peaceful moment wouldn't last, as once they had regained composure and redressed, they would have to return to their usual web of secrecy and silence-lest they be confronted by the loudmouthed blonde earl and his servants before she could cross paths with her own superiors.



...alas, however, for only time would tell...

It always went the same way, without fail or faltering over the past few centuries that she'd been employed, not even changing once she transferred to the London branch: retrieve the printed parchment from the adjacent office (now on her far left rather than just ahead of her desk); fill in any missing information about field cases and poorly collected souls-always using the swan feather quill with the silver tip (it took to the ink far better than any other she'd been handed); sign the dotted line, add it to the pile on the (left/right) most corner of her desk, always careful never to let it grow too much, lest it fall and create a mess that would undoubtedly vex her superior (a reaper renowned for his anally-retentive, yet equally volatile, personality). Rinse and repeat until the unholy hours of the morning.



This such routine was all the more mind numbing on days just before one of her sparse days off of work-a moment of celebration as it took a year or so of bartering with her HR representatives and her direct superior to procure. In fact, it was the promise of such a break, regardless of how short, that was driving her through the dull proceedings of her volunteered overtime.



Well, that along with a less-than-healthy helping of (f/hot drink), that is.



A helping that she was more than entitled to due to her being forced to work solely alongside her superior, Mr Spears, for several hours at a time. Alone. In an abandoned office. In complete silence. Yes, she was more than willing to bury her frustration and grievances with a steaming cup of (drink) at her (l/c) lips in a way that allowed her to vent and fume with hushed words into the quickly cooling cup-until it emptied. Thusly, she often found herself traversing the distance between their desks to reach the kitchen area once every few hours or so.



Though, still, they hardly exchanged a word aside from the occasional passing of documents or the odd polite nod or greeting.



This evening was no such exception to this pattern they had found themselves in.



~•~



The young woman sighed, yellow-green eyes trailing over the same dull document again as she attempted to regain focus-though this was far from as effective as she'd hoped and only fuelled her growing migraine. So, furrowing her brow slightly, she reached for the (f/c) cup and brought it to her lips, anticipating the (sweet/bitter/etc) taste on her tongue and the brief calm that followed, only to be met with...well...nothing. It was empty-yet again, leaving her thirst unquenched and making the need to refill that much more dire.



Thus, with a tasteful roll of her eyes, she stood from her desk and, not bothering to push in her chair, shuffled over to the kitchenette, meeting her coworker's eyes briefly before turning her attention to the boiling kettle on her right. Even the sight was enough to make her shoulders drop from relief as she hastily whipped up her preferred drink and took a quick gulp. It was like liquid heaven as it slid across her tongue and it took all her self control not to sigh or groan from sheer relief.



Though, rather unfortunately, she couldn't stay there all evening, and so she turned on her heel and began to traverse between the numerous desks on the way back to her overflowed corner-only to yelp as her foot caught on something and she was sent careening to the tiled floor underfoot, her cup slipping from her hands. As her body collided with the ground, she heard a loud exclamation from her right, startling her greatly as she attempted to stabilise herself.



"Goddamn it!"



~•~



The sound made her heart stutter as she scrambled to her feet, her eyes falling on the sight of her superior, the man cussing as he tried to clean the hot liquid from his clothing. Meekly, (Y/n) rubbed the back of her neck before rushing over to help his clean himself of her (to her chagrin, wasted) (f/h/d), half-genuine apologies falling from her lips.



"Sorry, sir, are you alright?" She spoke hurriedly, passing him more tissues as she brushed some stray strands of her (h/c) hair from her face. William, in response, practically snatched them from her hands and desperately patting at the areas of his clothing that got the worst of the heat-namely his crotch and stomach-as he continued to grumble and murmur aggressively to himself before, suddenly, going silent.



"Why must you always find a way to irritate me or cause trouble in the office?"



"Pardon?" She spluttered, her eyes widening as she took a small step back.



"If it's not you, then it's Sutcliffe or Knox. Why can't I even get an evening without these kinds of things happening?" His voice grew lower, darker as he spoke before he stilled and looked over at her, the look in his eyes ignoring a spark in her core that she tried her best to ignore.



"I don't know what you're talking about, sir." An excuse, but what else could she say? Clearly nothing to change his mind as he stalked over to her and gripped her wrist (an action that she was far from fighting in her aroused state) before continuing, his expression remaining otherwise neutral throughout.



"Don't play ignorant, Miss (L/n), you're above not taking accountability for your own actions." He sighed, irritated as he adjusted his glasses with his spare hand. "Regardless, I believe that such behaviour on a continuous scale shouldn't go unpunished, and, in the absence of any other authority, I'll be taking that into my own hands-understood?"



Her mouth ran dry and her eyes flitted briefly down to the damp, semi transparent, fabric of his shirt. Then, after swallowing thickly, she nodded, perfectly obedient as he began walking her backwards until her (legs/rear/back) collided with another desk-the method of punishment becoming all the more clear with each passing moment as she stared into his darkened, unknowable eyes.



~•~



Strong hands gripped her waist with a wonderfully bruising force, lifting her onto the desk as she shakily pushed the array of items to the floor beside them. Then, once she removed her (f/c) jacket, his lips found their way to her jaw as his dexterous hands busied themselves with unbuttoning her white blouse and pushing it away from her form to reveal more of her (s/c) skin. He trailed downwards, leaving a burning trail of kisses down to her throat, pausing to feel her pulse spike beneath his younger before harshly biting down-an action that elicited a loud cry from the woman beneath him, much to his amusement.



Continuing to abuse the spot on her throat, he allowed his hands to wander once more, as once merely gripped the edge of the desk (the force coming close to chipping the cheap wooden surface) as the other reached behind her to untie the laced back of her corset, clumsily and desperately pulling it away from her and practically throwing it to the floor once he'd succeeded. (Y/n) continued to whimper and groan as he bit and sucked at her sensitive flesh, unable to stop her hands from burying themselves in his dark hair, desperate for more as she submissively tilted her head to accommodate him. Though, soon thereafter, William seemed to tire of this and moved onwards, continuing the lustful trail down to her collarbone and past to the drilled trim of her chemise-the garment seeming to irritate him further as he quickly and shallowly bit down on the flesh (earning another shocked gasp from the woman) before pulling away from her to admire what he had done.



His lips quirked upwards into a dark, lustful smirk for the briefest of moments before his expression reverted to his usual, neutral facade (if with a more dark, sexual tint about it) as his bicoloured eyes took in her form: her flushed (s/c) cheeks that complemented the bruises and bite marks that littered her throat, collarbone and chest; the hooded yellow-green eyes and crooked (f/c) glasses that spoke volumes of the disarray she was in; the parted, pouting lips that were so very tempting to him; the discarded (f/c) jacket and cream corset that lay creased on the chair and, of course, the thin chemise revealed by the open front of her blouse. Perfect.



But not enough. Not yet.



Adjusting his glasses absentmindedly, he leaned forwards once again, putting his dexterous digits to use as one hand pushed the flimsy undergarment up and over her (size), neglected breasts and the other moved to hastily undo the ties and buttons on her skirt. Her cheeks flushed a darker hue as she grew barre to him, though she had little time to dwell upon this, for he wasted little time before moving to tease them. He clearly knew what he was doing as he put his hand and lips to good use: his lips encircled her erect nipple, sucking and gently teething it whilst occasionally parting to litter the rest of her breast with not-so-gentle bites and fresh hickeys; he pinched and rolled the other between his thumb and forefinger, occasionally pulling or flicking at the tender flesh; her back arched into his touch as she ran her fingers through his hair, unable to stop the lewd groans and muffled moans from falling from her lips even as she bit down on the lower to silence herself.



William continued this treatment for just short of a few minutes, leaving her breasts reddened and sensitive before finally pulling away and removing his blazer and loosening his tie ever so slightly. Then he sloppily pulled her skirt away from her form, taking the cotton drawers with them and leaving her dripping cunt exposed to his prying eyes. He groaned at the sight and she averted her eyes, shakily readjusting her glasses as she shuffled further forwards on the desk and spread her legs open wider for him in a tantalisingly welcoming manner that he simple couldn't resist.



~•~



He knelt before her and gripped her hip with one hand as the other spread one of her thighs further from the other, his force consistently harsh and bruising. Then, he leaned forwards, pressing his lips against her inner thigh, gently kissing it before trailing his lips towards her soaked sex, his touch as light as feather as he went-however, just as he reached her trembling core, he merely blew on it and moved to bite and suck on her thigh, leaving a sizeable hickey to form. For a moment, his eyes looked to hers and, upon realising the desperation that glinted in her ringed irises, leaned forwards and took her swollen clit into his mouth, sucking on it harshly as he plunged two of his long digits into her tight cunt, pumping them in and out of her as his movements were lubricated by her nectar.



Her body, in turn, began to writhe as she buried her hands in his hair, shakily pulling him closer to her and clinging to him as she bucked her hips against his mouth-seeking whatever friction she could find. With every passing moment, she could feel a frustrating knot of pressure tightening in her abdomen, the likes of which was practically driving her mad-a frustration she momentarily forgot as William skilfully crooked his fingers within her, catching her g-spot in a way that made her cry out and throw her head back, her grip on his hair tightening as her body began to tremble more, the promise of her orgasm growing ever closer.



However, just as she reached the cusp of release, he pulled away, wiping her pre-cum from his mouth using the back of his hand. Regaining partial sense, all she was able to do was huff and pout, her frustration growing as she noticed the flicker of mirth in his darkened eyes. Though, thankfully, he wasn't going to leave her merely wanting and began to slowly unbuckle his belt, releasing his erect cock from his tight trousers with a groan before he spoke, his voice strained and somewhat deeper.



"Don't forget that this is your punishment, miss (L/n); I'm hardly going to get you off without consequence."



He was right-she knew it, of course-but she certainly wasn't going to admit it. So, she merely huffed and rolled her eyes before allowing her gaze to settle on the welcome sight  of his thick, veiny shaft and pre-cum covered tip. Though, neither of them could wait long enough to waste precious time admiring what would be better found inside of her cunt, so she quickly spread her legs-eager and desperate for the feeling of him inside of her.



And, after wiping the release from his head with a handkerchief, he stepped forwards and steadied his grip on her, grasping her waist with one hand and gripping his length with the other; carefully guiding it to her and running it along her soaked slit, lazily spreading her lower lips before slowly sliding the tip of his cock into her entrance and placing his now free hand onto the desk beside her. She was tight, damn near restricting as he slowly pushed himself into her, sliding inch by inch into her warm womanhood, his movements lubricated by her release yet still slowed as she adjusted to his size. Whilst he was entering her, she found herself clinging to his back, burying her face in his neck as she let out breathy gasps, moans and groans-each close enough to his ear that they sent pleasurable shudders through his being. Then, once he fully sheathed himself within her, he paused, giving a moment to adjust before starting to thrust into her.



~•~



It was slow at first, merely the shallow thrusting into her tight core as to allow her to properly adjust (he still needed her in work on Sunday, after all) but, once she had started to move against him he was able to move more freely and began to increase his pace, constantly steadying himself as he hit faster and faster with each thrust. With this he also grew harsher and more carnal in his movements, practically rutting his hips against hers in a violent motion with brief moments of calm where he'd almost completely pull out before fully sheathing himself within her again, all the while being spurred on by (Y/n)'s lewd exclamations and pleas as she bucked against him in a vain attempt to match his pace.



For several minutes it continued like this: the carnal pounding and rutting of their bodies against one another; the hushed groans, pleas, moans and grunts of pleasure that passed their (well, mainly her) lips; the bruising, vice-like grips and the near-splintering force against the desk, all of it. And, before long, she could feel that familiar, tantalisingly frustrating pressure building in her abdomen once again and she began to move against him more feverishly-with a purpose and need beyond the animalistic desire and deep-seated lust, and he was more than happy to comply to her need, reaching between them to harshly pinch and rub her clit in a way that made her arch her back into his chest.



With every minute, every moment, every movement, every breath they drew closer to release and she only grew louder and more desperate until, finally, she snapped. It felt as though the world around her completely faded away as she gave in to the overwhelming, all consuming sensation of her orgasm: her lungs were on fire as she screamed his name aloud like a sinful prayer and her heart fought restlessly within her chest; her eyelids fluttered shut as the blinding flashes of white light overtook her vision; her body spasmed and trembled beneath him as she clung, desperately to his back, grounded only by him for, in her climax fogged state of mind, he was all she could recognise or feel as he continued to thrust his throbbing clock into her madly tightening cunt.



However, even he couldn't hold on for much longer and fell into the abyss of his climax soon thereafter, swiftly pulling out and spilling his cum onto her stomach, watching as it dripped down her (s/c) flesh with glazed eyes. His chest heaved as his nails dug into her bare flesh and he could feel his mouth and thrust burning, dry as he gasped desperately for breath as he cane down from the tremendous high. He was just barely able to notice the tears in the corners of her eyes as he furrowed his brow and reached for another tissue, speaking with his typical monotone as he did so.



"Quite alright, miss (L/n)?"



Not trusting herself to speak, she merely nodded her head, blinking away the tears as she redressed herself, her limbs shaking.



"Are you certain?" William pressed, adjusting his clothes as he began to clean her stomach.



"Yes, I'm more than alright, thank you, sir." She rasped, nodding in thanks as she looked over at one of the assorted objects they'd knocked to the floor in their lust driven act. At the sight of a familiar flash of crimson hair she winced, nervously adjusting her glasses as she continued. "We'll have to apologise to Grell for the mess."



William was silent for a moment before grabbing the tissue box and helping her off of the desk, handing her a few tissues as he went. Then, with a slightly teasing tone to his voice, he spoke, his words causing her to laugh hoarsely once again.





"...Perhaps not if we clean it well enough..."